mixin: Introduce flexible multi-cluster/namespace mode for alerts and dashboards (#3856)
thanos-io/thanos: mixin/README.md

[embedmd]:# (config.libsonnet)
```libsonnet
{
  local thanos = self,

>   // Hierarcies is a way to help mixin users to add high level hierarcies to their alerts and dashboards.

Reviewer: Thanks for mini docs <3

>   // Hierarcies is a way to help mixin users to add high level hierarcies to their alerts and dashboards.

Reviewer: WDYT `groupby` or `groups` or `tagets`?

```suggestion
  // Groups <slice?> is a way to help mixin users to add high level target grouping to their alerts and dashboards.
```

Reviewer: Actually, I don't understand why hierarchies are helpful here and why we need them? Can we just show in an example `dimensions/aggregators: job, namespace, cluster`?

  // The value in the key-value pair will be used as a query to fetch available values for the given label name.
  hierarcies+:: {
    // For example:
    // cluster: 'find_mi_cluster_bitte',
    // namespace: 'thanos_status',
  },
  query+:: {
    selector: 'job=~"thanos-query.*"',
    title: '%(prefix)sQuery' % $.dashboard.prefix,
  },
  store+:: {
    selector: 'job=~"thanos-store.*"',
    title: '%(prefix)sStore' % $.dashboard.prefix,
  },
  receive+:: {
    selector: 'job=~"thanos-receive.*"',
    title: '%(prefix)sReceive' % $.dashboard.prefix,
  },
  rule+:: {
    selector: 'job=~"thanos-rule.*"',
    title: '%(prefix)sRule' % $.dashboard.prefix,
  },
  compact+:: {
    selector: 'job=~"thanos-compact.*"',
    title: '%(prefix)sCompact' % $.dashboard.prefix,
  },
  sidecar+:: {
    selector: 'job=~"thanos-sidecar.*"',
    title: '%(prefix)sSidecar' % $.dashboard.prefix,
  },
  bucket_replicate+:: {
    selector: 'job=~"thanos-bucket-replicate.*"',
    title: '%(prefix)sBucketReplicate' % $.dashboard.prefix,
  },
  dashboard+:: {
    prefix: 'Thanos / ',
    tags: ['thanos-mixin'],
    selector: ['%s="$%s"' % [level, level] for level in std.objectFields(thanos.hierarcies)],

>     aggregator: ['%s' % level for level in std.objectFields(thanos.hierarcies)],

Reviewer: WDYT?

```suggestion
    dimensions: ['%s' % level for level in std.objectFields(thanos.hierarcies)],
```
https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/querying/operators/#aggregation-operators

Reviewer: Reason is.. aggregator is `sum, max, min` etc 🤗
